Whose child?
I don't know. I don't know.
Are you sleeping with men too much?
Even the father of the child doesn't know who it is
Shameless bah
Slept so disgusting
Yes, come home, this daughter is very beautiful
Why is doing things so disgusting?
The child's father
Is it a teacher or a classmate in the class?
Could it be which senior?
Warm, you are too cruel
If a good child says it is destroyed, it will be destroyed.
This is too irresponsible
Warm, who did you give it to for the first time?
Yeah.
Sold
Who did you sell it to?
Warm, you drank too much, I'll take you back first
Miss Mu, I'm not drunk
Why go back?
What's your trouble?
You are so strange
We grew up together as children
Although you have made mistakes before
But it's still the Mu family
Warm drunk
I'll find someone to take him first
Enough, are you people interesting?
Warm and I'll take you home, right?
Qin Shao, please send the warmth back first, I'm not leaving
Don't you want to know who I gave it to the first time?
Who did you give it to for the first time?
To whom he is here